Issue#59: Adding description for GatorMiner features (#69)
Allegheny-Ethical-CS/GatorMiner: docs/frequency-analysis/frequency-analysis.md

Frequency analysis can be used to count letters, but in our case,

> we are counting the frequency of meaningful words and phrases and filtering out stopwords.

Reviewer: I think the general flow of the sentence might be improved if you simply say how we're using frequency analysis without mentioning other uses. Other things can be mentioned in the end of the paragraph if needed

> It is a useful study within the field of computer science.
> This is due to its function because it is being capable of outputting
> the frequency of letters or groups of letters in a ciphertext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a useful study within the field of computer science due to its capability in outputting
the frequency of letters or groups of letters in a ciphertext.
```
I think this flows better, but I'm open to other potential revisions

> Frequency analysis is a study that can be found within our GatorMinor.
> A GatorMinor user can use frequency analysis by inputting the path_to_file
> for each markdown assignment he/she would like to run studies on.
> Then an user can run a a frequency analysis study on chose markdown assignments.

Reviewer: Few things here:
1. `GatorMinor` should be `GatorMiner`
2. I think that the first statement `Frequency analysis is a study that can be found within our GatorMinor.` is starting to make things redundant, you can either revise it or remove it.
3. I think that `inputting` should be changed to something like `taking in`
4. `path_to_file` doesn't need to be in this format, you can simply use `directory path` or `files path`
Here is a suggestion:
```suggestion
GatorMiner uses frequency analysis by taking in the directory path
of a collection of markdown files. The user can then run
a frequency analysis study on the chosen markdown assignments.
```
